# Computer Networking October 2021
Computer Networking consists of two courses.

The first of them is Computer Networking Fundamentals, which will introduce you to computer networks, introduce you to their fundamental principles and reveal details about how they work. It will start with basic concepts and gradually delve into different types of protocols - you will understand why they are needed and how they work. One of the great advantages of this training is that it does not focus on one manufacturer (for example, only Cisco), but instead focuses on industry standards and open protocols. Another huge plus is that here you will see live demonstrations with "crimping" of cables, "splicing" of optics and you will be able to touch physical devices and their configuration. All this, together with the practical orientation of the course and exercises, will give you a much greater confidence and a solid foundation in the world of computer networks.

For its part, the second course - Computer Networking Advanced aims not only to consolidate and upgrade your knowledge of computer networks with a much deeper look at protocols and technologies, but also to introduce you to modern concepts of network virtualization and software-defined networks ( SDN). With the first few topics we will deepen and expand our knowledge of switching, routing, network services redundancy, authentication and many others, and then we will gradually move to the latest and hottest topics for virtualization - both network devices and network services. . All this will be supported by many examples and practical exercises, thanks to which you will make a real comparison between the traditional and modern approach to building and managing computer networks.
